okay we're going to look at three
relatively affordable divers watches and
the one I'm going to really focus in on
is called the Invicta nine nine three
seven but before I get to that one let
me pull this other Invicta up okay and
this is an Invicta that was bought at
Costco this is a forty three millimeter
decent watch very comfortable watch I
think it was around the seventy five
dollar price range at Costco you can buy
them online a whole bunch of places for
that kind of price range Amazon has them
that's got shoulders on either side of
the crown this does not have a screw
down winding crown this is a quartz
movement you can also get inexpensive
ones that have an auto winding movement
the band and I've talked about this in
some of my other videos okay now that
you can see it now you can see the band
the piece that meets the case is just a
piece of metal wrapped around with the
pin going through it okay and you can
see how how this portion of the clasp
works
okay relatively lightweight dive band
but a decent watch for the price range
keeps very good time at the quartz
movement now Invicta has their share of
quality control issues this one was a
good piece so always buy these from
someplace that has a very good return
policy in case you get a bad unit okay
next up the Seco add about a hundred
dollars and you're up into this price
range and I did a separate review on
this Seiko so check out that review and
on my channel and you'll know all my
thoughts about this one
let's get these two watches out of the
way and step up a little bit more in
price about another hundred dollars this
watch in most places is going to be two
hundred and eighty dollars there abouts
this is the watch that probably made
Invictus somewhat famous for copying the
Submariner the Rolex Submariner if you
look at the shape of the case and I've
talked about this when I talked about
the video on the Seiko that I just
showed you the shape of the case on the
Rolexes fits very nicely to your wrist
and just just to me is a more desirable
shape than one that sticks up higher
like a lot of the newer watches do this
is the 99037 pro diver
another thing that's different if you
look here the way this the the mechanism
here is that you folds over this is
thicker pieces and it's a slightly
different design it does not have an
extension bracelet for you to extend
over top of a wetsuit but I never use a
wetsuit so for me that's not an issue
but if you use a wetsuit it doesn't have
one the band on this is thicker and
heavier than the other and Viktor I just
showed you the end pieces are a solid
piece that is drilled through for the
pen so much better construction on the
band you can see the movement it has a
Swiss movement it is a hacking movement
which means when you unscrew the crown
and pull it out it will stop the second
hand and you can set the time now don't
expect any automatic watch to be as
accurate accurate as a quartz watch even
my Rolex day-date it gains some time
which I'd rather have them gain time
than lose time at least that way you're
early for an appointment instead of late
but they're never going to be as
accurate as a quartz watch
but some people do not want a
battery-powered watch or solar-powered
watch they want an auto wind watch
mechanical movement that's what this is
this has a Swiss movement in it and the
you can see the second hand sweeps very
nicely this is a good piece a good solid
piece I'm going to put it on my wrist so
you can see how it looks on the wrist
there we go and it it just fits nicely
on the hand and it's very comfortable
this is a I think this is a 42
millimeter I've heard it said that it's
40 millimeter in some places but I think
it's a 42 so it's a little smaller than
the 43 millimeter and Victor that I
showed you earlier which to me this is a
perfect size and very comfortable on the
wrist very easy to read the time day or
night has nice luminescence on the dial
so if you're looking for something that
is an automatic wine watch that's not
battery-powered that is of reasonable
quality that assuming of course you get
a good unit again Invicta is famous for
not having the best quality control so
make sure you buy it from a place where
you can examine it and you get a good
unit and if you don't you can return it
but assuming you get a good one this is
a pretty solid piece pretty nice band a
lot of people are going to see this and
going to absolutely think that it's a
rolex submariner it's got an Vic taun
the side but you don't really see that
so anyway I wanted you to be able to see
what this is like in real use and get my
impressions of this so if you're going
to spend $75 buy the cheaper and Victor
if you're going to spend 150 or 160
dollars 180 dollars the bout in that
price range by the Seiko and if you're
going to spend more step up
then this nine nine three seven
Invicta is a good choice in my opinion
let me know in the comments what you
think